.TH SASSC 1
.SH NAME
sassc \- HTML5 based management tool for KVM                                        
.SH SYNOPSIS                                                                         
.B sassc
[\fB--version\fP] [\fB-h\fP|\fB--help\fP] [\fB-s\fP|\fB--output-style=\fP
\fIcoding_style\fP] [\fB-m\fP|\fB-g\fP|\fB--sourcemap\fP] [\fB-I\fP|
\fB--include-path=\fP \fIdirectory\fP] [\fB-w\fP|\fB--watch\fP] [\fB-p\fP|
\fB--precision=\fP \fInumber\fP] \fISCSS_FILE\fP [\fIOUT_CSS_FILE\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION                                                                      
\fBsassc\fP provides a SassC compliant command line interface (SassC: 
https://github.com/sass/sassc).
.br
It is based on the python libsass (https://github.com/dahlia/libsass-python)
library. See also libsass : http://github.com/sass/libsass.
.br
Sass is a CSS pre-processor language to add on exciting, new, awesome features
to CSS. Sass was the first language of its kind and by far the most mature and
up to date codebase.
.br
For more information about Sass itself, please visit http://sass-lang.com
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.TP
\fB--version\fP
Show program's version number and exit.
.TP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
Show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-s\fP, \fB--output-style=\fP \fIcoding_style\fP
Coding style of the compiled result.  Choose one of compact, expanded,
compressed, or nested (default: \fInested\fP).
.TP
\fB-m\fP, \fB-g\fP|\fB--sourcemap\fP
Emit source map.  Requires the second argument (output css filename).
.TP
\fB-I\fP, \fB--include-path=\fP \fIdirectory\fP
Path to find "@import"ed (S)CSS source files.  Can be multiply used.
.TP
\fB-w\fP, \fB--watch\fP
Watch file for changes.  Requires the second argument (output css filename).
.TP
\fB-p\fP, \fB--precision=\fP \fInumber\fP
Set the precision for numbers (default: \fI5\fP).

.SH LICENCE
.br
sassc and python-libsass is provided under MIT license.
.br
Copyright (c) 2015 Hong Minhee <http://hongminhee.org/>
.SH BUGS
Current bugs can be found here : https://github.com/dahlia/libsass-python/issues
.br
If you find any, please open an issue :
https://github.com/dahlia/libsass-python/issues/new
.SH AUTHOR
\fBHong Minhee\fP <hongminhee@member.fsf.org>
